JavaScript: Add Sets concept (#484)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/sets/sets.md

---
Title: 'Set'
Description: 'A set is a special object that stores unique values without a key.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Set'
  - 'Object'
  - 'Collections'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> A set is an object in JavaScript that is a collection of unique values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Set` is an object in JavaScript that is a collection of unique values.
```

---
Title: 'Set'

> Description: 'Set is a special object without keys which can only store unique values.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'A set is a special object that stores unique values without a key.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Set'
  - 'Object'
  - 'Collections'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> `Set` is an object in JavaScript that is a collection of unique values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A set is an object in JavaScript that is a collection of unique values.
```

> A set object can be created with the `Set()` constructor function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `Set` object can be created with the `Set()` constructor function.
```

```js
const set = new Set();
```

## Main methods

> - `set.add(value)` - adds a value to the set. If the value is already in the set, it doesn't do anything.
> - `set.delete(value)` - removes the given value, returns `true` if the value existed in the set, otherwise `false`.
> - `set.has(value)` - returns `true` if the value exists in the set, otherwise `false`.
> - `set.clear()` - deletes everything from the set.
> - `set.size` - returns the number of elements in the set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `set.add(value)`: Adds a value to the set. If the value is already in the set, it doesn't do anything.
- `set.delete(value)`: Removes the given value, returns `true` if the value existed in the set, otherwise `false`.
- `set.has(value)`: Returns `true` if the value exists in the set, otherwise `false`.
- `set.clear()`: Deletes everything from the set.
- `set.size`: Returns the number of elements in the set.
```

Just a style preference 📝

> ## Adding value to Set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Adding value to a `Set`
```

```js

> set.add(1); // Set {1}
> set.add('text'); // Set {1, 'text'}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set.add(1); // Set { 1 }
set.add('text'); // Set { 1, 'text' }
```

> set.add(1); // still Set {1, 'text'} because 1 is already in the set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set.add(1); // Still Set { 1, 'text' } because 1 is already in the set
```

```

> ## Determining Whether Value is in Set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Determining whether a value is in a `Set`
```

Reviewer 2: Let's also add some preface for the code block below

```js
console.log(set.has(1)); // Output: true
console.log(set.has('text')); // Output: true
console.log(set.has(5)); // Output: false
```

> ## Retrieving the Size of a Set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Retrieving the size of a `Set`
```

```js
console.log(set.size); // Output: 2
```

> There are 2 values in `set`: `1` and `text`

Reviewer 2: Preference for the variable used throughout this entry:

- Rather than just `set` which can get confusing when we are referring to a `Set` object, `mySet` is a clearer alternative name

> ## Removing Value from Set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Removing values from a `Set`
```

```js
console.log(set.delete(1)); // Output: true, Set {'text'}
console.log(fruits.delete(5)); // Output: false, Set {'text'}
```

The first statement returns `true` because `set` contain `1` as a value and has removed it.
The second statement returns `false` because `5` is not a value in `set`.

> ## Removing everything from Set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Removing everything from a `Set`
```

```js
set.size; // 1, {'text'}
set.clear(); // undefined, Set {size: 0} in chrome
```

> ## Intializing Set using iterables (e.g. arrays)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Initializing a `Set` using iterables (e.g. arrays)
```

```js
const mySet = new Set([2, true, 2, 'some string', { name: 'John' }]);
console.log(mySet); // Set {2, true, 'some string', {name: 'John'}}
mySet.size; // 4
```

## Codebyte Example

```codebyte/js
// Interesting usage of Sets is that
// we can use Set to filter out duplicate values from an array

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's shift this explanation to above this codebyte 👍
